Put `ClientState` in `provableStore` and use it in `connOpen{Try,Ack}` (#802)
cosmos/ibc: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

### Improvements

> * \#764 Move `ClientState` to the `provableStore` and add `ClientState` validation in `connOpenTry` and `connOpenAck`

Reviewer: Just a nit. We prefer to add the link to the PR.

```suggestion
* [\#802](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/pull/802) Move `ClientState` to the `provableStore` and add `ClientState` validation in `connOpenTry` and `connOpenAck`
```
